Add docs for new Adobe-generated alert policies for New Relic (#6075)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/project/new-relic.md

  - Services
---

> [[New Relic for application performance management (APM)](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/introduction-new-relic-apm) is a software analytics product that helps you analyze and improve application interactions. New Relic APM is available to all {{site.data.var.ece}} accounts and provides the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[New Relic for application performance management (APM)](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/introduction-new-relic-apm) is a software analytics product that helps you analyze and improve application interactions. New Relic APM is available to all {{site.data.var.ece}} accounts and provides the following features:
```

> [New Relic for application performance management (APM)](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/introduction-new-relic-apm) is a software analytics product that helps you analyzed and improve application interactions. New Relic APM is available to all {{site.data.var.ece}} accounts and provides the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[New Relic for application performance management (APM)](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/introduction-new-relic-apm) is a software analytics product that helps you analyze and improve application interactions. New Relic APM is available to all {{site.data.var.ece}} accounts and provides the following features:
```

-  **App Map**—View all application dependencies within your Magento site, extensions, and external services
-  **Apdex scores**—Evaluate performance and create alerts that identify issues and notify you when they occur, such as site performance affected by a flash sale or web event. See [Apdex score](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/apdex/apdex-measure-user-satisfaction).
- **Adobe-generated alert policies**–Monitor application and infrastructure performance using alert policies that monitor key performance indicators like apdex score, disk space, and error rate based on industry best practices. See [Monitor performance using alerts](#monitor-performance].

Your {{site.data.var.ece}} account includes the software for the New Relic APM service along with a license key. You do not need to purchase or install any additional software.

On {{site.data.var.ece}} Pro accounts, the Production environment also includes the [New Relic Infrastructure (NRI)](https://newrelic.com/products/infrastructure) service, which automatically connects with the application data and performance analytics to provide dynamic server monitoring.

{:.bs-callout-info}

> For Pro plan accounts, if New Relic APM is not installed on the Staging and Production environments or New Relic Infrastructure is not available in the Production environment, submit a [support ticket]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/trouble/trouble.html) to request installation.

Reviewer: Just above, there is a reference without the word plan. Plan was used in the older Cloud documentation. I don't know what the preference is.

## Manage your New Relic account

When Magento provisions your {{site.data.var.ece}} project, the Project Owner receives an email from New Relic with credentials and instructions for accessing the account. If you did not receive the email, use the Project Owner email address to [reset the New Relic password](https://rpm.newrelic.com/forgot_password).

We recommend adding at least one Admin user to your New Relic account to manage all access, integrations, and tool usage. {{site.data.var.ece}} Project Owners and Admin users can add and remove users from the New Relic account.

> ### Add a user

Reviewer: Why remove the procedure title for this? The two things under Manage NR account have to do with users and creds. So why not have Manage NR account credentials, discuss account roles and users, and have the one procedure . Keeps the right navigation simple.

1. Ask the new user to check their email for a New Relic notification with account information.

### Change the account owner

An account can have only one person assigned the Owner role. To change the account owner, assign the Admin role to the current Owner, then assign the Owner role to another user.

> For detailed instructions, see [Update the account owner](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/accounts/accounts/roles-permissions/change-account-owner) in the New Relic documentation.

Reviewer: "For detailed instructions" seems like fluff.

        - newrelic
```

## Connect to New Relic

To connect a Cloud environment to New Relic, you must add the New Relic license key to the environment.

> -  For Pro plan accounts, Magento adds the license key to your Cloud environments during the provisioning process. You can verify the connection by logging into your New Relic account.

Reviewer: You can log in to New Relic, but that doesn't necessarily verify connectivity to your Cloud.

1. Set the variable.

   ```bash
   magento-cloud variable:set php:newrelic.license <newrelic-license-key>
   ```

   {:.bs-callout-info}
   Adding a variable to an environment triggers a redeployment to update the environment variables and values. See [Working with variables]({{page.baseurl}}/cloud/env/working-with-variables.html).

1. [Log in to New Relic](https://login.newrelic.com/login) to verify that it is receiving data.

{:.procedure}
To remove a license key from an environment:

1. List environment variables.

   ```bash
   magento-cloud vget
   ```

   Response:

   ```terminal

>    +----------------------+------------   +------------------------+

Reviewer: Seems like some spaces were introduced in this sample response that makes it look bad.

   | Name                 | Level       | Value                    |
   +----------------------+------------   +------------------------+
   | php:newrelic.license | environment |   <newrelic-license-key> |
   +----------------------+------------   +------------------------+
   ```
   {: .no-copy}

   {:.bs-callout-warning}
   If you added the license key as a _project_ variable, you must remove that project-level variable. A project variable adds the license to every environment branch created, which can consume or exceed the license limit. To list project variables: `magento-cloud pvget`

1. Delete a variable.

   ```bash
   magento-cloud variable:delete php:newrelic.license
   ```

   {:.bs-callout-info}
   Removing a variable from an environment triggers a redeployment to update the environment variables and values. See [Working with variables]({{page.baseurl}}/cloud/env/working-with-variables.html).

## Investigate performance

New Relic connects and monitors your infrastructure and application using PHP agents. After a Cloud environment [connects to New Relic](#connect-to-new-relic), you can review the data collected by the agent by logging into your New Relic account.

> On the APM Applications page, use the [New Relic APM Overview](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/applications-menu/monitoring/apm-overview-page-view-transaction-apdex-usage-data) to get information about your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the _APM Applications_ page, use the [New Relic APM Overview](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/applications-menu/monitoring/apm-overview-page-view-transaction-apdex-usage-data) to view information about your application.
```

The New Relic service for {{ site.data.var.ece }} Pro Production environments includes a set of Adobe-generated alert policies to track the following performance metrics:

-  [Apdex score](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/apdex/apdex-measure-user-satisfaction)
-  error rate
-  disk space on your Production environment

These policies set thresholds for warning and critical conditions that affect performance based on industry best practices. When your site experiences infrastructure or application issues that trigger an alert threshold, New Relic sends alert notifications so you can proactively address the issue. To use these policies, you must configure notification channels to receive the alert messages.

{:.bs-callout-info}
For Pro Staging and Integration environments and Starter environments, use [Health notifications]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/integrations/health-notifications.html) to monitor disk space.

**Prerequisites:**

-  Credentials to log in to the [New Relic account](#manage-your-new-relic-account) for your Cloud project.
-  Verify that your Cloud environment is [connected to New Relic](#connect-to-new-relic).

> ### Review Adobe-generated alert policies

Reviewer: Procedure title?

1. Use your Project Owner New Relic credentials to [log in to New Relic](https://login.newrelic.com/login).

> 1. From the navigation menu, select **Alerts** > **Alert Policies**.

Reviewer: Looks like a few missing spaces in this line.

> 1. In the Search Policies field, search for _Adobe Generated Policy_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the _Search Policies_ field, search for **Adobe Generated Policy**.
```

This makes me wonder if any mention of "Adobe-generated" should have a hyphen...I know it should, but if Adobe doesn't use it and it's not in the interface, I wonder if it consistent. May have to remove the hyphen everywhere if it is considered the official name. I'm just thinking aloud.

Author: The policy name for the generated policies is  "Adobe Generated Policy" -- I was using Adobe-generated policies to refer to the policies generically, but I also wondered. Let's see what technical reviewers prefer.

   {:.bs-callout-info}
   If you do not see these alert policies, submit a Magento support ticket. Include your project ID in the ticket. These policies are available only on the Pro Production environment.

1. Click an alert policy name to review the conditions that specify the conditions that trigger alerts.

### Configure notification channels

To use the Adobe-generated alert policies to monitor your Production site, you must configure notification channels and map them to alert policies. Notifications about performance issues go out to all channels associated with an alert policy when conditions on the application or infrastructure trigger an alert. You also receive notifications when an issue is acknowledged and closed.

New Relic provides templates for configuring different types of notification channels including email, Slack, PagerDuty, webhooks, and more. See the [Instructions for specific notification channels](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/alerts/new-relic-alerts/managing-notification-channels/notification-channels-control-where-send-alerts#channel-types) in the New Relic documentation to review the prerequisites for using each type.

> The following instructions describe the high level steps to configure a Slack channel to receive New Relic alerts when the available disk space on your {{ site.data.var.ee }} Production server exceeds the low disk space threshold specified in the _Adobe Generated Disk Space Policy_ alert policy.

Reviewer: Seems like this belongs where the other Slack integrations are. Again, just thinking aloud. nothing to do here.

Author: Yes-- I thought so too. In a separate PR, I have updates to the Health notifications topic that point to the Adobe-generated policies section in this topic.

{:.procedure}
To configure a notification channel:

1. Choose a notification channel type, and complete any prerequisite steps required to integrate the channel with the New Relic service.

1. [Log in to your New Relic account](https://login.newrelic.com/login).

> 1. Navigate to the New Relic APM page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the _New Relic APM_ page.
```

> 1. On the New Relic APM Applications page, open the application for your Cloud environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the _New Relic APM Applications_ page, open the application for your Cloud environment.
```

> 1. On the **Alerts** page, click **New notification channel**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the _Alerts_ page, click **New notification channel**.
```

   ![New Relic notification channel]({{ site.baseurl }}/common/images/cloud/cloud-new-relic-notification-channels.png){:width="600px"}

1. Send a test notification to verify that the channel works.

1. Map the notification to the Adobe-generated policies as needed.

For detailed configuration instructions, see the following topics in the New Relic documentation:

-  [Configure notification channels using the New Relic Alerts user interface](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/alerts/new-relic-alerts/managing-notification-channels/notification-channels-control-where-send-alerts)

-  [Configure notification channels using the New Relic API](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/alerts/rest-api-alerts/new-relic-alerts-rest-api/rest-api-calls-new-relic-alerts#channels) Notification channels: Control where to send alerts)

{:.bs-callout-warning}
The Adobe-generated policies have default notification channels configured to notify Magento teams that support {{ site.data.var.ece }} customers.  Do not modify the configuration for these default channels, and do not remove them from the Adobe-generated alert policies.

### Create Alert Policies

> Do not modify the Adobe-generated alert policies, as they might be automatically regenerated or improved over time.

Reviewer: The be-verb in this sentence drives me crazy, but I'm not sure the best solution here. I will give it a go...

```suggestion
Do not modify the Adobe-generated alert policies, because they automatically regenerate or improve over time.
```

-  [Apdex score](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/apdex/apdex-measure-user-satisfaction)
-  error rate
-  disk space

These policies set thresholds for warning and critical conditions that affect performance based on industry best practices. When your site experiences infrastructure or application issues that trigger an alert threshold, New Relic sends alert notifications so you can proactively address the issue. To use these policies, you must configure notification channels to receive the alert messages.

{:.bs-callout-info}
For Pro Staging and Integration environments and Starter environments, use [Health notifications]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/integrations/health-notifications.html) to monitor disk space.

{:.procedure}
Prerequisites

-  Credentials to log in to the [New Relic account](#manage-your-new-relic-account) for your Cloud project.
-  Verify that your Cloud environment is [connected to New Relic](#connect-to-new-relic).

### Review Adobe-generated alert policies

1. Use your Project Owner New Relic credentials to [log in to New Relic](https://login.newrelic.com/login).

> 1. From the navigation menu, select **Alerts** > **Alert Policies**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. From the navigation menu, select  **Alerts**  >  **Alert Policies**.
```
